Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/addCmdReactions.md

```

## Parameters

> - `emojis` `(Type : Emoji || Flag : Required)` : The emoji(s) the bot reacts with. Separate emojis using `;`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `emojis` `(Type: Emoji || Flag: Required)`: The emoji(s) the bot reacts with. Separate emojis using `;`.
```

3. Copy the ID it returns. (The emoji ID should be in this format: `<:emojiName:ID>`. If the emoji is animated, it should look like this: `<a:emojiName:ID>`)
4. Input the emoji ID into `$addCmdReactions[]`. (e.g `$addCmdReactions[<:hollyDab:828628880629825546>]`)

![example](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/609162277312266280/745309789491298415/My_Movie_0.gif)

> > If you're still having issues, check the [Troubleshooting page](https://nilpointer-software.github.io/bdfd-wiki/nightly/resources/troubleshooting.html#the-bot-fails-to-add-reactions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you're still having issues, check the [Troubleshooting](../resources/troubleshooting.md#the-bot-fails-to-add-reactions) page.
```
